Election_Analysis

  Overview 
In this modulare challange we were tasked with analysing data pertaining to election results of a congresional electof ion. We were asked to write code that would create an easy and reliable way to count the votes for the canidates cast in different counties and determine the winner of this congresional race. Through first loading the data via a csv file, we were able to produce code allowing us to find the canidates of the race, the votes they recieved, and in what county the votes were cast. 
  Results
In total there were 369,711 votes cast in this election, with 10.5%(38,855) of the votes cast in Jefferson county, 82.8%(306,055) votes cast in Denver county, and 6.7%(24,801) of votes cast in Arapahoe county. This leads to Denver county having the highest total voter turnout. As for canidates who recieved votes, Charles Casper Stockhame had 23.0%(85,213) of the votes Diana DeGette recieved 73.8%(272,892) of the votes, and Raymon Anthony Doane recieved 3.1%(11,606) of the votes. This election ended with Diana DeGette winning the race with a vote count of 272,892 and a total percentage of 73.8%.
  Summery
Overall the code written in this analysis provides many benifits. Being a reliable and quick way to tally the votes of an election, all parties can be confident in the results provided. Some ways this can be adapted to provide further benifits could be including code to automate the process of loading in the data, so that any election data can be loaded in without manually finding the path to aquire it. Furthermore the code could be refracted to allow for larger and more complext data on elections to be processed at quicker and more efficient speeds. 
